.TH "_Evas_Smart_Cb_Description" 3 "Tue Apr 19 2011" "Evas" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_Evas_Smart_Cb_Description \- 
.PP
Describes a callback used by a smart class \fBevas_object_smart_callback_call()\fP, particularly useful to explain to user and its code (ie: introspection) what the parameter \fCevent_info\fP will contain.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIcallback name, ie: 'changed' \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBtype\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHint type of \fCevent_info\fP parameter of Evas_Smart_Cb. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Describes a callback used by a smart class \fBevas_object_smart_callback_call()\fP, particularly useful to explain to user and its code (ie: introspection) what the parameter \fCevent_info\fP will contain. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const char* \fB_Evas_Smart_Cb_Description::type\fP"
.PP
Hint type of \fCevent_info\fP parameter of Evas_Smart_Cb. The type string uses the pattern similar to
.PP
http://dbus.freedesktop.org/doc/dbus-specification.html#message-protocol-signatures
.PP
but extended to optionally include variable names within brackets preceding types. Example:
.PP
.PD 0
.IP "\(bu" 2
Structure with two integers: \fC'(ii)'\fP 
.PP
.PD 0
.IP "\(bu" 2
Structure called 'x' with two integers named 'a' and 'b': \fC'[x]([a]i[b]i)'\fP 
.PP
.PD 0
.IP "\(bu" 2
Array of integers: \fC'ai'\fP 
.PP
.PD 0
.IP "\(bu" 2
Array called 'x' of struct with two integers: \fC'[x]a(ii)'\fP 
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
This type string is used as a hint and is \fBnot\fP validated or enforced anyhow. Implementors should make the best use of it to help bindings, documentation and other users of introspection features. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Evas from the source code.
