.TH "Generic Object Functions" 3 "Tue Apr 19 2011" "Evas" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Generic Object Functions \- 
.PP
Functions that manipulate generic evas objects.  

.SS "Modules"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBasic Object Manipulation\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIMethods that are often used, like those that change the color, clippers and geometry of the object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBObject Events\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIObjects generates events when they are moved, resized, when their visibility change, when they are deleted and so on. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUV Mapping (Rotation, Perspecitve, 3D...)\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIEvas allows different transformations to be applied to all kinds of objects. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSize Hints\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIObjects may carry hints so another object that acts as a manager (see \fBSmart Object Functions\fP) may know how to properly position and resize the object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBExtra Object Manipulation\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIMiscellaneous functions that also apply to any object, but are less used or not implemented by all objects. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFinding Objects\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIFunctions that allows finding objects by their position, name or other properties. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBObject Method Interceptors\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIEvas provides a way to intercept method calls. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct _Evas_Object \fBEvas_Object\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAn Evas Object handle. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Functions that manipulate generic evas objects. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Evas from the source code.
