.TH "Font Functions" 3 "Tue Apr 19 2011" "Evas" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Font Functions \- 
.PP
Functions that deals with fonts.  

.SS "Modules"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFont Path Functions\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIFunctions that edit the paths being used to load fonts. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef enum \fB_Evas_Font_Hinting_Flags\fP \fBEvas_Font_Hinting_Flags\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFlags for Font Hinting. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fB_Evas_Font_Hinting_Flags\fP { \fBEVAS_FONT_HINTING_NONE\fP, \fBEVAS_FONT_HINTING_AUTO\fP, \fBEVAS_FONT_HINTING_BYTECODE\fP }"
.br
.RI "\fIFlags for Font Hinting. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_font_hinting_set\fP (\fBEvas\fP *e, \fBEvas_Font_Hinting_Flags\fP hinting)"
.br
.RI "\fIChanges the font hinting for the given evas. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI \fBEvas_Font_Hinting_Flags\fP \fBevas_font_hinting_get\fP (const \fBEvas\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieves the font hinting used by the given evas. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Eina_Bool \fBevas_font_hinting_can_hint\fP (const \fBEvas\fP *e, \fBEvas_Font_Hinting_Flags\fP hinting)"
.br
.RI "\fIChecks if the font hinting is supported by the given evas. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_font_cache_flush\fP (\fBEvas\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fIForce the given evas and associated engine to flush its font cache. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_font_cache_set\fP (\fBEvas\fP *e, int size)"
.br
.RI "\fIChanges the size of font cache of the given evas. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI int \fBevas_font_cache_get\fP (const \fBEvas\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fIChanges the size of font cache of the given evas. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Eina_List * \fBevas_font_available_list\fP (const \fBEvas\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fIList of available font descriptions known or found by this evas. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_font_available_list_free\fP (\fBEvas\fP *e, Eina_List *available)"
.br
.RI "\fIFree list of font descriptions returned by evas_font_dir_available_list(). \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Functions that deals with fonts. 
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef enum \fB_Evas_Font_Hinting_Flags\fP  \fBEvas_Font_Hinting_Flags\fP"
.PP
Flags for Font Hinting. Flags for Font Hinting 
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fB_Evas_Font_Hinting_Flags\fP"
.PP
Flags for Font Hinting. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIEVAS_FONT_HINTING_NONE \fP\fP
No font hinting. 
.TP
\fB\fIEVAS_FONT_HINTING_AUTO \fP\fP
Automatic font hinting. 
.TP
\fB\fIEVAS_FONT_HINTING_BYTECODE \fP\fP
Bytecode font hinting. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EAPI Eina_List* evas_font_available_list (const \fBEvas\fP * e)"
.PP
List of available font descriptions known or found by this evas. The list depends on Evas compile time configuration, such as fontconfig support, and the paths provided at runtime as explained in \fBFont Path Functions\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The evas instance to query. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
a newly allocated list of strings. Do not change the strings. Be sure to call \fBevas_font_available_list_free()\fP after you're done. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI void evas_font_available_list_free (\fBEvas\fP * e, Eina_List * available)"
.PP
Free list of font descriptions returned by evas_font_dir_available_list(). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The evas instance that returned such list. 
.br
\fIavailable\fP the list returned by evas_font_dir_available_list(). 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI void evas_font_cache_flush (\fBEvas\fP * e)"
.PP
Force the given evas and associated engine to flush its font cache. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas to flush font cache. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI int evas_font_cache_get (const \fBEvas\fP * e)"
.PP
Changes the size of font cache of the given evas. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas to flush font cache. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The size, in bytes. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI void evas_font_cache_set (\fBEvas\fP * e, int size)"
.PP
Changes the size of font cache of the given evas. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas to flush font cache. 
.br
\fIsize\fP The size, in bytes. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI Eina_Bool evas_font_hinting_can_hint (const \fBEvas\fP * e, \fBEvas_Font_Hinting_Flags\fP hinting)"
.PP
Checks if the font hinting is supported by the given evas. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas to query. 
.br
\fIhinting\fP The hinting to use, one of \fBEVAS_FONT_HINTING_NONE\fP, \fBEVAS_FONT_HINTING_AUTO\fP, \fBEVAS_FONT_HINTING_BYTECODE\fP. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fCEINA_TRUE\fP if it is supported, \fCEINA_FALSE\fP otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI \fBEvas_Font_Hinting_Flags\fP evas_font_hinting_get (const \fBEvas\fP * e)"
.PP
Retrieves the font hinting used by the given evas. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas to query. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The hinting in use, one of \fBEVAS_FONT_HINTING_NONE\fP, \fBEVAS_FONT_HINTING_AUTO\fP, \fBEVAS_FONT_HINTING_BYTECODE\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI void evas_font_hinting_set (\fBEvas\fP * e, \fBEvas_Font_Hinting_Flags\fP hinting)"
.PP
Changes the font hinting for the given evas. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas. 
.br
\fIhinting\fP The hinting to use, one of \fBEVAS_FONT_HINTING_NONE\fP, \fBEVAS_FONT_HINTING_AUTO\fP, \fBEVAS_FONT_HINTING_BYTECODE\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Evas from the source code.
