.TH "Image Functions" 3 "Tue Apr 19 2011" "Evas" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Image Functions \- 
.PP
Functions that deals with images at canvas level.  

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_image_cache_flush\fP (\fBEvas\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fIFlush the image cache of the canvas. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_image_cache_reload\fP (\fBEvas\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fIReload the image cache. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_image_cache_set\fP (\fBEvas\fP *e, int size)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the image cache. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI int \fBevas_image_cache_get\fP (const \fBEvas\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the image cache. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Functions that deals with images at canvas level. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EAPI void evas_image_cache_flush (\fBEvas\fP * e)"
.PP
Flush the image cache of the canvas. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas pointer.
.RE
.PP
This function flushes image cache of canvas. 
.PP
Referenced by evas_image_cache_reload().
.SS "EAPI int evas_image_cache_get (const \fBEvas\fP * e)"
.PP
Set the image cache. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas pointer.
.RE
.PP
This function returns the image cache of canvas. 
.SS "EAPI void evas_image_cache_reload (\fBEvas\fP * e)"
.PP
Reload the image cache. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas pointer.
.RE
.PP
This function reloads the image cache of canvas. 
.PP
References evas_image_cache_flush().
.SS "EAPI void evas_image_cache_set (\fBEvas\fP * e, int size)"
.PP
Set the image cache. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas pointer. 
.br
\fIsize\fP The cache size.
.RE
.PP
This function sets the image cache of canvas. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Evas from the source code.
