.TH "Shared Image Cache Server" 3 "Tue Apr 19 2011" "Evas" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Shared Image Cache Server \- 
.PP
Provides client-server infrastructure to share bitmaps across multiple processes, saving data and processing power.  

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fB_Evas_Cserve_Stats\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStatistics about server that shares cached bitmaps. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fB_Evas_Cserve_Image_Cache\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICache of images shared by server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fB_Evas_Cserve_Image\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAn image shared by the server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fB_Evas_Cserve_Config\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIConfiguration that controls the server that shares cached bitmaps. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Eina_Bool \fBevas_cserve_want_get\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieves if the system wants to share bitmaps using the server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Eina_Bool \fBevas_cserve_connected_get\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieves if the system is connected to the server used to shae bitmaps. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Eina_Bool \fBevas_cserve_stats_get\fP (\fBEvas_Cserve_Stats\fP *stats)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieves if the system wants to share bitmaps using the server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Eina_Bool \fBevas_cserve_config_get\fP (\fBEvas_Cserve_Config\fP *config)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieves the current configuration of the server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Eina_Bool \fBevas_cserve_config_set\fP (const \fBEvas_Cserve_Config\fP *config)"
.br
.RI "\fIChanges the configuration of the server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_cserve_disconnect\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIForce system to disconnect from cache server. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Provides client-server infrastructure to share bitmaps across multiple processes, saving data and processing power. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EAPI Eina_Bool evas_cserve_config_get (\fBEvas_Cserve_Config\fP * config)"
.PP
Retrieves the current configuration of the server. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconfig\fP where to store current server configuration. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fCEINA_TRUE\fP if \fCconfig\fP were filled with data, \fCEINA_FALSE\fP otherwise and \fCconfig\fP is untouched. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI Eina_Bool evas_cserve_config_set (const \fBEvas_Cserve_Config\fP * config)"
.PP
Changes the configuration of the server. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconfig\fP where to store current server configuration. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fCEINA_TRUE\fP if \fCconfig\fP were successfully applied, \fCEINA_FALSE\fP otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI Eina_Bool evas_cserve_connected_get (void)"
.PP
Retrieves if the system is connected to the server used to shae bitmaps. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fCEINA_TRUE\fP if connected, \fCEINA_FALSE\fP otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI Eina_Bool evas_cserve_stats_get (\fBEvas_Cserve_Stats\fP * stats)"
.PP
Retrieves if the system wants to share bitmaps using the server. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstats\fP pointer to structure to fill with statistics about cache server. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fCEINA_TRUE\fP if \fCstats\fP were filled with data, \fCEINA_FALSE\fP otherwise and \fCstats\fP is untouched. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References _Evas_Cserve_Stats::saved_memory, _Evas_Cserve_Stats::saved_memory_peak, _Evas_Cserve_Stats::saved_time_image_data_load, _Evas_Cserve_Stats::saved_time_image_header_load, _Evas_Cserve_Stats::wasted_memory, and _Evas_Cserve_Stats::wasted_memory_peak.
.SS "EAPI Eina_Bool evas_cserve_want_get (void)"
.PP
Retrieves if the system wants to share bitmaps using the server. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fCEINA_TRUE\fP if wants, \fCEINA_FALSE\fP otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Evas from the source code.
