.TH "Font Path Functions" 3 "Tue Apr 19 2011" "Evas" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Font Path Functions \- 
.PP
Functions that edit the paths being used to load fonts.  

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_font_path_clear\fP (\fBEvas\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemoves all font paths loaded into memory for the given evas. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_font_path_append\fP (\fBEvas\fP *e, const char *path)"
.br
.RI "\fIAppends a font path to the list of font paths used by the given evas. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_font_path_prepend\fP (\fBEvas\fP *e, const char *path)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrepends a font path to the list of font paths used by the given evas. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI const Eina_List * \fBevas_font_path_list\fP (const \fBEvas\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieves the list of font paths used by the given evas. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Functions that edit the paths being used to load fonts. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EAPI void evas_font_path_append (\fBEvas\fP * e, const char * path)"
.PP
Appends a font path to the list of font paths used by the given evas. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas. 
.br
\fIpath\fP The new font path. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI void evas_font_path_clear (\fBEvas\fP * e)"
.PP
Removes all font paths loaded into memory for the given evas. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by evas_free().
.SS "EAPI const Eina_List* evas_font_path_list (const \fBEvas\fP * e)"
.PP
Retrieves the list of font paths used by the given evas. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The list of font paths used. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI void evas_font_path_prepend (\fBEvas\fP * e, const char * path)"
.PP
Prepends a font path to the list of font paths used by the given evas. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas. 
.br
\fIpath\fP The new font path. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Evas from the source code.
