.TH "Line Object Functions" 3 "Tue Apr 19 2011" "Evas" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Line Object Functions \- 
.PP
Functions used to deal with evas line objects.  

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI \fBEvas_Object\fP * \fBevas_object_line_add\fP (\fBEvas\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdds a new evas line object to the given evas. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_object_line_xy_set\fP (\fBEvas_Object\fP *obj, Evas_Coord x1, Evas_Coord y1, Evas_Coord x2, Evas_Coord y2)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the coordinates of the end points of the given evas line object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_object_line_xy_get\fP (const \fBEvas_Object\fP *obj, Evas_Coord *x1, Evas_Coord *y1, Evas_Coord *x2, Evas_Coord *y2)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieves the coordinates of the end points of the given evas line object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Functions used to deal with evas line objects. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EAPI \fBEvas_Object\fP* evas_object_line_add (\fBEvas\fP * e)"
.PP
Adds a new evas line object to the given evas. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The new evas line object. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI void evas_object_line_xy_get (const \fBEvas_Object\fP * obj, Evas_Coord * x1, Evas_Coord * y1, Evas_Coord * x2, Evas_Coord * y2)"
.PP
Retrieves the coordinates of the end points of the given evas line object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIobj\fP The given line object. 
.br
\fIx1\fP Pointer to an integer in which to store the X coordinate of the first end point. 
.br
\fIy1\fP Pointer to an integer in which to store the Y coordinate of the first end point. 
.br
\fIx2\fP Pointer to an integer in which to store the X coordinate of the second end point. 
.br
\fIy2\fP Pointer to an integer in which to store the Y coordinate of the second end point. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI void evas_object_line_xy_set (\fBEvas_Object\fP * obj, Evas_Coord x1, Evas_Coord y1, Evas_Coord x2, Evas_Coord y2)"
.PP
Sets the coordinates of the end points of the given evas line object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIobj\fP The given evas line object. 
.br
\fIx1\fP The X coordinate of the first point. 
.br
\fIy1\fP The Y coordinate of the first point. 
.br
\fIx2\fP The X coordinate of the second point. 
.br
\fIy2\fP The Y coordinate of the second point. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References evas_event_feed_mouse_move().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Evas from the source code.
