.TH "Event Freezing Functions" 3 "Tue Apr 19 2011" "Evas" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Event Freezing Functions \- 
.PP
Functions that deal with the freezing of event processing of an evas.  

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_event_freeze\fP (\fBEvas\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fIFreeze all event processing. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_event_thaw\fP (\fBEvas\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fIThaw a canvas out after freezing. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Functions that deal with the freezing of event processing of an evas. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EAPI void evas_event_freeze (\fBEvas\fP * e)"
.PP
Freeze all event processing. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The canvas to freeze event processing on.
.RE
.PP
This function will indicate to evas that the canvas \fCe\fP is to have all event processing frozen until a matching \fBevas_event_thaw()\fP function is called on the same canvas. Every freeze call must be matched by a thaw call in order to completely thaw out a canvas.
.PP
Example: 
.PP
.nf
 extern Evas *evas;
 extern Evas_Object *object;

 evas_event_freeze(evas);
 evas_object_move(object, 50, 100);
 evas_object_resize(object, 200, 200);
 evas_event_thaw(evas);

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "EAPI void evas_event_thaw (\fBEvas\fP * e)"
.PP
Thaw a canvas out after freezing. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The canvas to thaw out.
.RE
.PP
This will thaw out a canvas after a matching \fBevas_event_freeze()\fP call. If this call completely thaws out a canvas, events will start being processed again after this call, but this call will not invole any 'missed' events to be evaluated.
.PP
See \fBevas_event_freeze()\fP for an example. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Evas from the source code.
