.TH "Polygon Object Functions" 3 "Tue Apr 19 2011" "Evas" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Polygon Object Functions \- 
.PP
Functions that operate on evas polygon objects.  

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI \fBEvas_Object\fP * \fBevas_object_polygon_add\fP (\fBEvas\fP *e)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdds a new evas polygon object to the given evas. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_object_polygon_point_add\fP (\fBEvas_Object\fP *obj, Evas_Coord x, Evas_Coord y)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdds the given point to the given evas polygon object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBevas_object_polygon_points_clear\fP (\fBEvas_Object\fP *obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemoves all of the points from the given evas polygon object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Functions that operate on evas polygon objects. 

Hint: as evas does not provide ellipse, smooth paths or circle, one can calculate points and convert these to a polygon. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EAPI \fBEvas_Object\fP* evas_object_polygon_add (\fBEvas\fP * e)"
.PP
Adds a new evas polygon object to the given evas. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP The given evas. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A new evas polygon object. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI void evas_object_polygon_point_add (\fBEvas_Object\fP * obj, Evas_Coord x, Evas_Coord y)"
.PP
Adds the given point to the given evas polygon object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIobj\fP The given evas polygon object. 
.br
\fIx\fP The X coordinate of the given point. 
.br
\fIy\fP The Y coordinate of the given point. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References evas_event_feed_mouse_move().
.SS "EAPI void evas_object_polygon_points_clear (\fBEvas_Object\fP * obj)"
.PP
Removes all of the points from the given evas polygon object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIobj\fP The given polygon object. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References evas_event_feed_mouse_move().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Evas from the source code.
